Update GPG rotation docs with excrutiating detail. (#209)
mozilla-releng/relengdocs: signing/rotate_gpg_signing_key.rst

        This file contains the public PGP key that is used to sign builds and
        artifacts of Mozilla projects (such as Firefox and Thunderbird).

        Please realize that this file itself or the public key servers may be
        compromised.  You are encouraged to validate the authenticity of these keys in
        an out-of-band manner.

        Mozilla users: pgp < KEY

        pub   rsa4096 2015-07-17 [SC]
              14F26682D0916CDD81E37B6D61B7B526D98F0353
        uid           [  full  ] Mozilla Software Releases <release@mozilla.com>
        sub   rsa4096 2015-07-17 [S] [expired: 2017-07-16]
        sub   rsa4096 2017-06-22 [S] [expired: 2019-06-22]
        sub   rsa4096 2019-05-30 [S] [expires: 2021-05-29]
        sub   rsa4096 2021-05-17 [S] [expires: 2023-05-17]
        sub   rsa4096 2023-05-05 [S] [expires: 2025-05-04]

    f) base64 encode `new.key` and update the `gpgPubkey` entry in the `cloudops-infra` repo for `firefoxci-adhoc-3`::

        cat new.key | base64 -w0

    g) Open a Pull Request with the changes; wait for it to get merged.

> 2) Update the GPG username and password for `firefox-ci-adhoc-3` in the relengworker SOPS repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Update the GPG username and password for `firefoxci-adhoc-3` in the relengworker SOPS repository.
```

3) Deploy production scriptworkers to pick up the changes you made above.

> 4) Open a PR with a new signing manifest in the `Adhoc Signing`_ repository that will sign with GPG (note: when it does a test signing as part of opening a PR, it will not be using the new keys, because PRs use dep certs).

Reviewer: Should we link to an example PR here so we can basically re-use the same manifest?
(Alternatively, if we keep the manifest around, we just have to trigger promote, no need for a new PR.)

Author: That's a good idea, let's do it!
